S3 Creating a Bucket Step by StepCreating a Bucket (Step-by-Step Tutorial)
Let's open the S3 service by connecting to the AWS Management Console and create our first bucket.

    Sign in to the AWS Management Console.
    Open the S3 page using the Services tab from the menu bar.
    Click the Buckets link from the menu on the left.
    If you have not created a bucket before, the page will return empty as below.

AWS

    Click Create bucket tab.

AWS

Bucket name:

First, we should define the bucket name.

    This name must be unique.
    If you type a bucket name created by someone else before, you will receive a warning that this name exists. 
    For example, if you want to create a bucket named test, you cannot create it since it has been used before.
    Let's call it special with our names like myclarusway.


Region:

Secondly, the Region where the bucket will be created must be determined.

    Because S3 is a region-based service, a bucket can be created only in a specific region.
    Multiple buckets can be created in different regions and synchronized with each other, but a bucket can only be held in one region.
    So we cannot distribute a bucket to all regions.
    The region you want to work on should be selected for holding buckets according to your needs.
    In this example, let's select US East (N. Virginia).

Copy settings from an existing bucket:

Thirdly, Copy settings from an existing bucket option can be used if there is a bucket that created before.


AWS

Block Public Access : The Amazon S3 Block Public Access feature provides settings for access points, buckets, and accounts to help you manage public access to Amazon S3 resources. By default, new buckets, access points, and objects don't allow public access. However, users can modify bucket policies, access point policies, or object permissions to allow public access. S3 Block Public Access settings override these policies and permissions so that you can limit public access to these resources. We keep it as is, for now.


AWS

Versioning: Versioning means keeping multiple variants of an object in the same bucket. You can use the S3 Versioning feature to preserve, retrieve, and restore every version of every object stored in your buckets. Since we covert his topic later, we will keep it as is, for now.

Tags: To track the storage cost or other criteria for individual projects or groups of projects, your can label Amazon S3 buckets using cost allocation tags. We keep it default.

Encryption: With Amazon S3 default encryption, you can set the default encryption behavior for an S3 bucket so that all new objects are encrypted when they are stored in the bucket. The objects are encrypted using server-side encryption with either Amazon S3-managed keys (SSE-S3) or customer master keys (CMKs) stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) (SSE-KMS). For now, we keep it as is.


AWS

Object Lock: Under the Advanced settings, you can find Object Lock.

Object Lock can help prevent objects from being deleted or overwritten for a fixed amount of time or indefinitely.  Keep it as is.


After reviewing the settings, Click Create Bucket 
